listen I'm as alpha as it gets I watched
the Joe Rogan experience I cooked my
steaks medium-rare and I make fun of
people that cook their steaks well-done
- pathetic and I haven't shed a tear
since the Red Sox won the series in 2004
when they broke the curse but there are
two things that moisten my tear ducts
every single time that seen an infinity
war where Spiderman disintegrates
absolutely heart-wrenching and then of
course watching backwoods Hillbillies
fall desperately in love with each other
on tick-tock I mean I mean come on take
a look
[Music]
10,000 people maybe more just kids when
we come on
dude is every single tick-tock have to
have copyrighted music in it I'm sorry
I'm sorry to have to do this to you but
out of necessity
cuz we were just kids when we fell in
love not knowing what it was I will not
get copyright struck this time
and proclaim that you've robot [__]
anyways as you can tell this is
heartwarming stuff hello everybody and
welcome back to a brand new democratic
debate except instead of presidential
candidates it's just Jake and Logan Paul
kissing onstage for two hours my name's
Leon lost I'm happy to have you here
today
oh you can look and kissing we all both
grow yeah it is but it was a strategic
nod to what's gonna come up later in the
video it's called foreshadowing learn
about so today we're gonna be talking
about this incredible love story about
these high school sweethearts that go by
mr. outlaw and mrs. outlaw respectively
and they've gotten a little bit viral
recently maybe you've seen them on
Twitter or tik-tok but things have
really taken a turn for the worse as
they've gone viral and they have just
been relentlessly bullied over the past
week or two and I'm here because I am
about to put my foot down and I know
you're thinking well that's terrible
they seem like such a beautiful couple
why would they get bullied well it's the
internet after all and let's take a look
at this tick tock and then you be the
judge copyright struck three times let's
go
first impressions endearing cute adorbs
but the Internet is piling on right
saying they look like cousins that
they're from the same family tree joke
and all these jokes and I'm not having
it and I don't usually like to get
serious but if you're participating in
any of these jokes well are you about to
meet Jesus [__] I forgot to shave my
shoulders damn shut up I'm
self-conscious about it
but speaking of foreshadowing do you
like to save money while you shop online
well so do i and thank Christ Leon with
a winter hat is back again to tell us
all about honey today's video sponsor
who can do just that
run it posting up in your PJs and doing
some online shopping is easy just ask my
wife it's like her favorite pastime but
finding quality coupons to save some
scrilla online absolutely that's why I
made her install honey a free shopping
tool that finds promo codes for you and
applies them to your cart at checkout it
works in over 30,000 online stores like
Nikes BestBuy Macy's Domino's the list
goes
but imagine you want to pick up a couple
of Domino's pies for the get-together
you go to checkout and honey's like I
hate what's up found a little promo code
for you just hit apply and you can keep
a bunch of money what's the catch
there isn't a catch you just install
honey and save money like I did on these
PacSun threads I picked up through a few
items in my cart went to checkout and
honey pops up with some coupons to try
it oh wait did I just save 26 bucks
without doing a damn thing that's a
feels good man dot PNG honey has already
helped it's over 17 million users save
over two billion dollars which is why it
has an absurd amount of five-star
ratings in the App Store
so big thanks to honey for not only
supporting YouTube creators but for
keeping everyone else's wallet thick by
taking the guesswork out of saving money
online so head over to join honey calm /
Leon lush it's free it installs in two
clicks in it's an absolute no-brainer
that's join honey calm / Leon lush link
in the description I appreciate you so
mister outlaw I swear I saw him in like
a viral tick tock at some other time
right but the reason I was made aware of
this couple recently was last week I was
on Twitter and one of their tic TOCs had
gone viral on Twitter and it has 5
million on Tik Tok and it's them
responding to some of the bullies
calling them cousins and etcetera
alright outlaws listen up
what makes y'all think we're related
listen here mother you don't pissed me
off and I'm already in a bad goddamn
mood oh boy this is getting serious
little advice to those thank for cousins
no we're not I'm not related to her I'm
no kin to her and if you keep the [__]
up I'm calming CEO and every one of
y'all is oh god damn it damn do I make
myself clear
he's Cherokee though I'm not native I'm
sorry Oh what was that
you don't have a loud mouth
well secrets out with us and watch what
happens to your accounts goodbye so I
see this video and I think to myself man
this is a pretty funny troll right kudos
to this couple and then I dig in a
little deeper and I start thinking to
myself is it a true lo or Z series and
it's tough to tell and maybe that's part
of the draw but I'm here for it and stop
bullying man they're not of kin you
heard it from the horse's mouth do not
make me put the tank top back on it's
not outlaws y'all are in-laws dog
there's not funny family or not I
personally don't want to keep it in the
family but if that's what makes someone
happy then let them be happy locate hold
on a second sarcasms off I get the
progressive mindset the love is love let
people love who they want but can we
please at least draw the line in incest
I'm not suggesting that they are like
that's the joke but in this commenters
suggesting that even if they are that's
why the least they're happy kicked off
anyways I spent about 60 seconds
browsing through her catalogue to try
and get a little bit of a back story
about mrs. outlaw
she kind of started off modestly she did
a three-part tick-tock ran about being
bullied in Christian school and then she
does this one which I love people of
tick-tock here I've been watching my
fiance's tick tock oh the outlaw I'm
mrs. outlaw now so the intensity right
off the bat is palpable let's continue
to talk you take down another one of our
videos my fiance's going to the news
that's no prompts that's right and
diplomas in wood and that's no promise
it's a threat and a promise in one
dragon and a demon a dragon demon maybe
keep talk got one more time until you uh
that tik-tok needs its own Streamy award
unbelievable but after that so she meets
mister outlaw they do a bunch of these
like duets
that eye shows you the intro there where
it's like heard mr. out lodge is falling
more deeply in love with each other
through tick-tock and then apparently he
moves from West Virginia up to Montana
to be with her and that's when you get
this beautiful one just kids well yeah
that's the one we saw in the intro I'm
not singing that again so they've been
together in the flesh for a couple weeks
now just posting bangers and I'd like to
get a little backstory on mr. outlaw but
apparently apparently he went private
and changed his handle from mr. outlaw
1999 to firefighter 1999 this for me
this is a huge brand moment you can't
claim to be an outlaw but also be a
[__] the privates his account when he
catches a little heat when he goes viral
love this oh no you didn't Jab Jab
see mrs. outlaws not taking any [__] you
know I'm saying she's going right after
the bullies no excuse me the bull Isles
but looks like she tagged Kenny regular
Minh in this one I'm not sure why she
would do that is that someone that was
bullying her maybe single mom and three
wonderful boys they are my life in my
world she's like shouting out family
members as she's going viral I see that
spreading the love I like it let's see
what can year of meat all about can you
figure out which three of PTSD and
anxiety which one suffers with bipolar
and his horrible self-confidence I mean
do you really want me to guess that
seems a little cruel and awkward to be
honest with you I don't know I'm gonna
we gonna get off this page let's go back
to mrs. owl on the comments darling I
don't care no don't I ain't like y'all
excuse me I am NOT accidentally my
Gosselin family reunion that's insane
okay you do that
what are you talking about bro you guys
need to stand firm throw on a cowboy hat
denim vest like you gotta get back to
business buddy or it's only gonna get
worse like the old saying sticks and
stones may break my bones but words
don't we'll never hurt me see you know
I'm saying she gets it they don't do
reverse cowgirl because you don't turn
your back on the faith realize that all
of you as a collective can take a toll
on their mental health 2020 isn't about
that please be better I mean that's kind
of a real comment though you know it is
interesting as I've gone through these
videos like the entire everybody
commenting is just like the whole making
jokes about the incest thing right so
I'm in a weird place cuz I can't tell if
what they're doing is a stick right it
seems like they're playing another
tick-tock listen here it's boy outlaw
and this is well it's just a little
colors on this and I am I want to say a
man who's related well hope you happy
everybody in the outlaw fam go spam
these peoples pages on our comments cuz
our accounts we're shutting them down
due to these mother
cuz we're not putting up with the
[__] she got little one on the way
and I'm not dealing with it now the
[__] ends I have a wonderful life
see it just gets like that that seemed
like such intentional parody or satire
or whatever would the hat and the
glasses and the intentional draw of the
cigarette at the beginning of the skit
that it's it's hard for me to take it
seriously but don't come cry well you
can't take it no more put up with enough
I told you things your own change things
and change your back to talk
permanently okay I have a lot of
questions primarily what do you mean
when you say don't come crying to you
when I can't take it anymore is that
like when I can't take you shutting down
your tick tock account don't come crying
to you if I can't take that I won't come
crying I promise interesting is almost
like the heat got a little too hot in
the kitchen but it's weird cuz like they
were instigating the whole time like
their whole thing was like making videos
about like come at me bullies right
doing the
and of course if you do that the
Internet's just going to be more
relentless in the jokes they're making
about you so I don't know if that was
just a lack of foresight on their part
or if this is still part of like the
slim scroll in the replies on Twitter to
their viral Tech Talk and Blake says
they broke up last month because she was
bullying people and now they are back
together and have this war against
bullying I can't handle these people
I was the girl you loved but we broke up
because I was bullying people and I want
to make the note that bowing isn't a
misspelling that's actually what people
do in Montana everybody has a bull and
you can train it to just Ram people that
you disagree with it's called bullying
and it's very dangerous I don't know
what to think I'm conflicted this is
outlaw is pregnant mr. outlaw has had it
up to here they're clearly not cousins
they're sibling if you participate in
this charade you better kiss your mother
goodbye because well thanks for watching
I'd love it if you'd subscribe if you
haven't already normally I would leave
you with some elaborate instructions on
how you could hip thrusts the
[__] like button but I don't
have time because it's getting late and
I have to shave my shoulder so I'll let
you just follow some instructions from
an old video I really do appreciate you
spending some time here with me tonight
hope you have a great rest of the week
I'll see in the next video peace